>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, welcome back
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and
we're still talking now
about the possibility
of the power grid
going down because of an
EMP attack or an X-flare.
In our most recent
"Beyond Belief" program,
we talked about an EMP
attack from some nation
or a rogue nation that detonates
a nuke in the atmosphere
and completely wipes
out the power system.
But what about an
X-flare from the sun?
Say it can't happen?
It's happened several times.
In the 1800s, it's called
the Carrington Event.
It knocked out the
telegraph system.
Thank God we didn't have a
lot of power and electricity
in those days.
And just two years ago, the
sun unleashed a huge X-flare
that fortunately went
off the side of the sun.
Had it been facing
directly to good ol' planet
Earth-- Michael Maloof,
author of "A Nation Forsaken."
It's one of the most important
books I've ever read.
>>MICHAEL MALOOF: Thank you.
>>NOORY: That would
have been a disaster.
>>MALOOF: It would have
been a total disaster
if we had a direct hit.
Even though-- and NASA said
that even though it missed us,
there were still some
residual effects,
some communication
systems did go out.
>>NOORY: Crackling.
I heard crackling on my show.
>>MALOOF: It was crackling.
There was crackling, and
some systems went out.
Planes were diverted
from over the North Pole
because your North
Pole is affected by it.
If it was a direct
hit-- and NASA
has made some projections of a
direct hit just on the United
States alone, that if we get
directly hit by an X-flare,
it will cost the nation upwards
of $2 trillion the first year.
>>NOORY: Gosh.
>>MALOOF: It will take about
4 to 10 years to recover,
and it will affect 90%
of the US population.
>>NOORY: And when
you say affect,
we're talking about
possibility of death.
>>MALOOF: Death.
Death from starvation, disease,
lack of medical attention,
all of these things
come into play.
You also will have
secondary problems evolving
such as explosions
and fires because just
as in the Carrington
Event of 1859--
>>NOORY: Broken glass.
>>MALOOF: Yeah, the telegraphs
actually created fires,
and buildings were burning down.
The telegraph poles
were on fire as a result
of this overload from
that solar flare.
>>NOORY: Now an
individual who would
be outside when this
X-flare hits the planet,
they're not going to get hurt
directly from that, correct?
>>MALOOF: That's
my understanding.
That's correct.
>>NOORY: Unless they have
a pacemaker or something.
>>MALOOF: If you
have a pacemaker,
it's really going to
impact the pacemaker
or any other
electronics you might
have for your artificial limbs,
for example, that will all
be affected almost immediately.
Your hospitals certainly
will be affected,
but it will affect all
of your electronics,
and it would be instant.
>>NOORY: Now, a
solar flare travels
not at the speed of light
but at a much slower rate,
so it takes about two
days from the moment
it happens to when we get hit.
>>MALOOF: Sometimes
they can be coming
at such an accelerated rate it
could be down within 24 hours.
>>NOORY: OK.
But it's not instant.
>>MALOOF: No.
We would have a
warning, but the warning
will be-- it will give
some utilities a chance
to shut down.
That's their defense.
Shut down the utilities
in hopes that--
>>NOORY: You don't get caught.
>>MALOOF: Yeah,
that you don't fry.
But it's been my
personal experience
to know that even with a nearby
lightning strike, if you have
unplugged electronics nearby,
they're going to get fried.
>>NOORY: What about your cars
that are all computerized now?
>>MALOOF: They're
all computerized.
They have electronic
ignition systems.
Emergency services
personnel tell me
that their vehicles
would be affected.
So with your communications
out and your emergency vehicles
affected, people are going to be
wondering, well, what do we do
and where do we go?
How do we get help, because
as you pointed out earlier,
the reaction will
be instantaneous
of panic and pandemonium
throughout all
of these communities,
and if it happens
over a wide geographical
area, you're
going to have anarchy
almost immediately.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MALOOF: And
that's the problem.
The thing is is
that-- and this is
one of the things I think
I'd like to see included
in any legislation is that
we recreate the civil defense
centers that we used to have
during the height of the Cold
War in which we'd have available
water, food, and medications
on hand, and people
would know where
to report to assuming that all
communications, all emergency
services were knocked out.
That I think we
need to bring back.
>>NOORY: I think so, too.
It's a smart business.
>>MALOOF: Yeah.
It is.
And it's fundamentally
smart for survival purposes.
At least people will know where
to report to, your emergency
services and what have you
know then to gravitate there
and give what further
orders they might need to.
But unless you
have a place where
people can rally
in such an event,
they're just going to be going
off in every which direction,
and that's going to lead
to even further chaos,
not to mention gangs
that will develop.
>>NOORY: Looting.
You see what happens just
with minor incursions.
>>MALOOF: Yes.
Exactly
>>NOORY: We have partnered up
with wnd.com, the World Net
Daily, and Michael Maloof, of
course, and Bill Forstchen who
wrote the book
"One Second After."
We have partnered
up with all of them
to get the information out
about EMP attacks and X-flares
from the sun.
It is critical.
And that goal is to get to
some legislator or legislators
who will begin to pass
and implement legislation
to get the grid insulated.
I think, Michael
thinks it's probably
one of the biggest issues
facing us as Americans today.
There are a lot of
people out there,
Michael, who are just beginning
to understand-- thanks to us--
what an EMP is and
what an X-flare is.
It's amazing.
>>MALOOF: Well, I think we
have to educate people on this.
It's something that is not
part of their daily lives,
so they're not focusing on it.
But there is an educational
process involved here,
and that's why,
with my book, I've
tried to break it down
into plain-talk English.
And in my book, "A Nation
Forsaken," I've tried to--
and it's a technical issue.
There's no question about it.
>>NOORY: No question about it.
>>MALOOF: But I'm a old policy
wonk, and I'm not a techie,
and I had to understand
it so that I could put ut
into plain-talk English.
And that's what I've done here.
And we've laid out
what the threats are
to our life-sustaining,
critical infrastructures,
including the grid,
whether from-- in the event
of a natural or
man-made EMP event.
And that's why--
And we also talk
about what people
can do at the personal
level for their families
in order to be ready for that.
>>NOORY: Do a test at home.
Try it for two days.
I bet you can't.
Don't use water from the tap
because the power is out.
It's not going to work.
You can't use your refrigerator.
The power is out.
You can't watch television.
You can't use your cellphone
or your smartphone.
You can't go to the ATM.
So for two days,
live without anything
that has to use
electrical power,
and let's see what
your life is like.
I'd bet it would be miserable.
>>MALOOF: Well, I
think it would be,
and people panic just overnight
when electricity goes out
in the event of a
storm-- local storm.
The other problem with that--
if this were to happen over
a wide geographical area-- is
that in past disasters that
covered some geographical
areas like a hurricane,
we've been able to bring
in people from the outside
to assist.
>>NOORY: To help.
That's not going to happen.
>>MALOOF: You may not have that.
You will not have that,
and that adds to the panic,
I think, that's going to occur,
because we not only don't have
the experts coming in and
there are fewer and fewer all
the time because fewer and
fewer people are being trained
in this, but we also
don't have the equipment.
We're not set up.
We don't have the
reserves of transformers,
the large, large transformers.
They're specially ordered.
They're specially designed.
>>NOORY: Made in China.
>>MALOOF: Yeah, they're
made overseas primarily
Japan, Korea, China.
>>NOORY: But there aren't
enough to get here.
>>MALOOF: No.
No.
Not at all.
And if you had a solar flare
that affected the world,
we'd just be standing
in line waiting
because other industrialized
countries would be wanting them
too.
And you know those
that produce them
are going to be the ones that
are going to be serviced first.
Now what's intriguing is
that those countries that
have experienced war
on their soil as I say,
are gearing up for an EMP event.
Israelis tell us
that if they launched
as one of their scenarios
over Iran, an EMP,
over Iran to knock out their
communications and their air
defenses, it would
knock out power probably
into southern Europe and
all of the Middle East.
>>NOORY: Oh, my.
>>MALOOF: But they could be
up and running in three days.
>>NOORY: Israel could.
>>MALOOF: That's what they say.
>>NOORY: Iran couldn't.
>>MALOOF: No.
>>NOORY: They'd be down.
>>MALOOF: They're
aware of an EMP.
They've been
practicing EMP attacks,
and certainly the North
Koreans have, too,
from a man-made standpoint
of a high altitude
nuclear explosion.
But if you're using
the solar flare,
the world will be affected and
consequently other countries
will be more equipped
for it than not.
The Chinese, for
example, just to show you
that they're preparing, they
recently held an exercise,
and I just wrote a
story about this.
They just undertook an
exercise of an EMP attack
from an outside power to see how
their facilities would hold up.
It affected all
of their airports
and what have you, but
they actually staged an EMP
assault from an outside
power, which would be US--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MALOOF: --in this case.
And they have directed
energy weapons, the US does,
and that's what we
normally use when
we go into countries such
as Iraq or what have you.
>>NOORY: We take out their
command and control first.
>>MALOOF: You take out their
C2 stuff and actually their C4,
which includes computers
and their communications.
>>NOORY: Just shut them down.
>>MALOOF: Shut them down
so they can't track you
and then you can go in and bomb.
So the Chinese have
been practicing
against such a
scenario, which tells me
that they're preparing to deal
with such an event or not.
>>NOORY: We talked
about who would get hit,
and if it's a big
X-flare, the entire planet
gets blasted right?
>>MALOOF: That's correct.
It would affect your
industrialized countries
the most and whatever countries
were most affected in that
pathway.
Your less developed
countries that
don't rely so much on those
critical infrastructures
as we do would be less effected.
It would effectively throw us
back into the 19th century.
And that's why people
cannot deal with that.
Most people would not
be able to deal with it.
Your more rural areas
would because people
will plant gardens.
They store up things.
They have room to store things.
They know how to hunt, the
basic survivalist techniques,
they know those things
for the most part.
And those are the
ones who will survive.
>>NOORY: Michael, I hate
paying for insurance.
I hate paying health insurance.
I hate paying car insurance,
property insurance.
I hate insurance.
But I'm glad I have it, because
that's exactly what it's for.
Its insurance against the
future, some event that
could happen, and there you are.
You're somewhat protected.
I look at this as
the same thing.
It may not happen
in our lifetime.
It's going to happen.
>>MALOOF: It will happen.
>>NOORY: No doubt.
But who knows when.
This is an insurance policy.
So if we ensure our
cars and our houses
and our jewelry and our health,
why don't we ensure this?
>>MALOOF: I would agree.
And in fact, Lloyd's
of London recently
came up as-- the major
insurance company
has warning other
insurance companies
to start getting your clients
to make sure that they're EMP
resistant so that--
because a lot of the claims
have been on the loss of
business due to power failures.
>>NOORY: So true.
>>MALOOF: And so consequently,
if you have an EMP event,
it's going to be over a
far-extended period of time,
everything would go bankrupt.
They will go bankrupt.
The insurance companies won't
be able to pay ultimately.
>>NOORY: I would love--
I hate to say this--
but to see a very small
region of another country--
>>MALOOF: Of course.
>>NOORY: --have their power
go out for whatever reason
and have them try
to exist for a week.
I think it would be an
international story,
and I think it
would also help us
in this campaign to
get the grid fixed.
>>MALOOF: It would be a
tragedy on the country that
would be affected by this
because so many innocents would
be involved.
>>NOORY: I agree.
>>MALOOF: It would be a tragedy.
>>NOORY: Does that
make me inhumane?
>>MALOOF: No, but
it accentuates, it
underscores the problem of
what the impact could be even
on a test basis.
I mean, you could do a
survivalist type of thing,
but most people are not
oriented to gear that way
the 21st century.
>>NOORY: They couldn't
live this way.
>>MALOOF: They wouldn't
be able to live.
And that's why we're
trying to put out
the warnings now because
of our reliance on--
>>NOORY: You know we're late.
We're already late.
>>MALOOF: Oh, yeah.
We're overdo.
NASA says that a
Carrington-like event
occurs about once
every 150 years.
We're overdo.
The one in 2012 they said
was at least as large
as the Carrington Event.
>>NOORY: Hopefully
that was the one.
>>MALOOF: Let's hope.
But you see we're at the zenith
of the solar storm maximum
right now.
The sun goes to peaks and
valleys every 11 years.
And on the way up and on
the way down in those peaks,
you're still going
to have flares.
And if you have a flare that's--
if you have a sunspot aimed
at Earth, we're in trouble.
>>NOORY: And they launch
one, the flare launches--
>>MALOOF: Some of these
flares, by the way,
are at least 14 times
the size of the Earth.
>>NOORY: God, they're huge.
>>MALOOF: They're huge.
>>NOORY: This has to be
an X what to really cause
significant power outage damage.
>>MALOOF: Dependent if it's
a direct hit, any X-flare.
Even a C-flare, if
it's a direct hit,
could affect us, but not
as badly as the X-flare.
The man-made nuclear
explosion trumps them all.
>>NOORY: Which is
worse, the solar flare
from the sun or the EMP
attack in the atmosphere?
>>MALOOF: Well, it's the EMP
attack in the atmosphere.
That's what we call the E1,
E2 would be your lightning
strikes, E3 would
be your flares.
But E1 incorporates
the E2s and E3s.
It just-- it's all
balled into one strike.
>>NOORY: Which of the two, EMP
or X-flare, is more probable
or is it the same?
>>MALOOF: Well that's a toughie.
I think an EMP
flare is imminent.
I think the potential for an
EMP attack is quite probable.
>>NOORY: And growing every day.
>>MALOOF: And growing every day.
I would be ready for both, and
certainly the sun right now
given where it is in its cycle.
It's always a threat
on a daily basi--
on a minute-by-minute
basis, it's a threat,
and we have less
than-- oftentimes
less than 24 hours notice.
NASA is watching
it very closely,
but as soon as they
put out the warning,
the notion is that,
well, the utilities
will begin to shut down to
try and protect the grids
and have you.
But that's not going
to be good enough,
and certainly it will be
inadequate, totally inadequate
if you have a man
made-attack from an EMP.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
Astronauts aboard the
International Space Station,
they have a certain area to
go in case there's an X-flare.
>>MALOOF: Yes, but
also their electronics
are not all EMP hardware either.
So they would be
basically stranded.
It will certainly knock
out our satellites
and, of course, we
rely more and more
on satellites for communication.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MALOOF: And so we're
building up that.
So if we can harden
all of our electronics
within the satellites, at least
that affords some protection.
>>NOORY: Are we living on
borrowed time, Michael?
>>MALOOF: We are on
totally borrowed time.
If we are already overdue
for an EMP flare event,
we certainly are
on borrowed time
because if we could get
that legislation passed
theoretically tomorrow, it
will take a least five years--
>>NOORY: Oh, my God.
>>MALOOF: --to try to
get everything going.
>>NOORY: Anything could
happen in five years.
>>MALOOF: Yes.
And then you have politics that
are going to enter into this,
and this is what breaks
everything down for us
and why we can never
succeed anymore.
I mean, if we had events leading
up to World War II happening
today, we never would have
gone into World War II
because we couldn't
make a decision.
>>NOORY: Are we
headed for disaster?
>>MALOOF: If we stay
on the present track
that we're undertaking in doing
nothing, we certainly are.
But we have the means
to overcome that.
We have the capability
to change all that.
The tragedy is that we're doing
nothing about it right now.
>>NOORY: And that's the most
bizarre aspect of all of this.
>>MALOOF: Which leads, then,
to your conspiracy theory
of, well, is this purposeful?
>>NOORY: Why did it happen?
Yeah.
Let's wipe out the population.
Let's do that.
>>MALOOF: We can
test that theory.
We can see, well,
we're pushing this,
pushing this, push this,
trying to get legislators done.
We're doing our part
from our standpoint.
Maybe we need to get the private
sector, some of the big money
guys who brag about all
the money they have.
Let's have them put it into an
EMP pot and put up or shut up
and then we have it there, and
then if things are not done,
then we know something
else is cooking.
And what that is, is
probably more diabolical
than we've faced at all.
>>NOORY: We're spending-- and
rightfully so-- $13 billion
to $16 billion to try to
fix the VA hospital system.
Rightfully so.
Our veterans need the best
coverage and protection
they can get.
>>MALOOF: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: But we're talking $13
billion to $16 billion dollars.
The money is there.
It's available.
So your estimate of $2
billion for the grid,
let's say it gets to $4 billion.
That's nothing compared to
the protection of the United
States.
If we had a power grid
that was protected
so we wouldn't have to
worry about an EMP attack
and we wouldn't have to worry
about an X-flare from the sun,
all we really had to worry about
was some rogue terrorist trying
to do a dirty bomb in the
country or something like that,
we can manage that.
>>MALOOF: We can
manage it absolutely.
>>NOORY: But the
other ones we can't.
>>MALOOF: Well, we
can do a combination
of the two, the federal and
the private contributions,
bring them together.
And that's why I
would propose, again,
Mr. Obama, with the
stroke of his pen,
could actually install
an EMP coordinator
for the federal, state, and
local coordination of getting
the grids working again
and hardened properly.
and make sure that
those funds are
directed where they need to go.
And this could all be done
now without the legislation--
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>MALOOF: But he
hasn't done that.
>>NOORY: I think if the
president went on the air
tomorrow night and said,
ladies and gentlemen,
I'm here to tell you about
a critical situation that
could affect the livelihood
of all Americans,
and we're going to fix it.
Effective immediately, I
have a committee in place
that is going to begin
to allocate $2 billion
to insulate our power grid,
have a few people up there that
explain what that is,
and turn them loose.
He can do that.
>>MALOOF: He can do it under his
existing authority in directing
the Department of Homeland
Security to take action right
now, to make, whether it's from
a natural or a man-made EMP
event, to--
>>NOORY: It is
national security.
>>MALOOF: It is all
national security
because we'll all be affected.
National security
will be affected,
and if all that is knocked
out, if all of our critical
infrastructures and
knocked out, then we
open ourselves up to much more--
even greater vulnerabilities
than we have right now.
And believe me, we have
a lot of vulnerabilities.
>>NOORY: We have a 2016
election coming up soon.
What if we can get
these candidates
to start talking about this?
Newt Gingrich did
during his time.
>>MALOOF: Yes.
>>NOORY: What if we
can get that going?
>>MALOOF: Well, I think we
need to start focusing on that.
First of all, we need to focus
on Congress because we've
got-- we're going to get
a new Congress coming in
and hopefully start
getting them there,
and then we could start working
towards 2016 to push candidates
in this direction, and I think
if we can combine our resources
and have people say to
candidates what would
you do in case of an EMP,
how would you fix it?
>>NOORY: They'll
probably say, what?
>>MALOOF: Exactly.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>MALOOF: Well, he
needs to be educated,
and hopefully, that will be what
we're trying to do right now.
Exactly.
>>NOORY: Has every member
of Congress seen this book?
>>MALOOF: Yes.
>>NOORY: Good.
>>MALOOF: Yeah, they
all have a copy.
>>NOORY: Excellent.
>>MALOOF: They all have a
copy, and the EMP caucuses
are very aware of the book
as well as Forstchen's book.
We're trying, if we can get
the caucus members to come
on board the program
to talk about this,
I think that's also
going to be highly
educational to the public.
>>NOORY: I think if
we can get this done,
Michael, you would be one
of those as a national hero.
I mean, I think of nothing
more important than doing this.
We live on technology.
It's unfortunate that we've
gone as far as we have in
that we have relied
so much on this.
Heck, I even remember
during the '60s,
we weren't nearly as
dependent on this.
I used a slide rule in school.
I didn't have a calculator.
But times have changed, and
we are now computer driven.
We're smartphone driven.
We're technology driven.
Our cars are driven with this.
It is just illogical
not to fix this.
>>MALOOF: Well,
it's been my career
to be a public servant since
I worked for the Defense
Department in the federal
government about 30 years.
I look upon this less for
personal aggrandizement
than to fix a serious problem
that's going to affect us all,
because all of us
will be affected,
and our lives will be totally
miserable if we survive it.
>>NOORY: You should get
the Nobel Peace Prize.
You should be on Time magazine.
That's what should happen.
>>MALOOF: I just want
to see us get it done.
>>NOORY: What would
be an amazing story
is let's assume
it does get done,
we insulate the grid and
then a huge X-flare hits us,
and we were protected.
But some other nation
that didn't do it,
they're wiped out, sadly.
>>MALOOF: They could be, but
other nations are picking up.
The Brits, for example,
Great Britain--
>>NOORY: We're behind
the eight ball.
>>MALOOF: We are
behind the eight ball.
The British government,
their defense ministry
recently warned about
an EMP, and they now
are taking measures
within Great Britain
to harden their grid system.
>>NOORY: It's like
they just woke up
and they know about this now.
>>MALOOF: They know about it.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
We've talked to
their-- to counterparts
in Great Britain about this.
It's getting our politicians who
are hung up on everything else
to focus on something
that's really
tangible and above politics.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MALOOF: And
that's what we need
to be-- how we need to
be treating this issue is
above politics because it does
affect the national survival.
>>NOORY: Well, we talk
about their concern
for the fiscal cliff, and
for this, and for that.
This is real.
>>MALOOF: This is real.
>>NOORY: This is right
here, and again, it's
an insurance policy.
It's the greatest
insurance policy
we could buy as a nation.
>>MALOOF: I think so, and
if we mitigate this problem,
then we lessen the
vulnerabilities
that we have facing us today.
>>NOORY: Then we can
concentrate on other issues
that are so important
on this planet as well.
>>MALOOF: And we take
away a very strong weapon
on the part of those
with nuclear weapons.
If we have missile
defenses that can
take care of an incoming
missile, we can at least--
we protect against
any nuclear area that
will affect our
communications, then
we start focusing
on other things.
That's what we should be doing.
There doesn't seem to
be any priorities coming
from the White House.
>>NOORY: There's
no organization.
>>MALOOF: None.
Zero
>>NOORY: There's
no clear-cut goal.
And I got to tell
you, it was the same
during the previous
administration, too.
The situation going into
Iraq, I was never in favor of,
and now we're there, that's
a disaster, out of control.
We have to do something for
those poor minorities in Iraq,
much more than what
we're doing now.
You're right.
We don't have any clear
cut goals or plans.
At least it felt during
the Kennedy administration
we had a mission.
He was faced, of course,
with the Cuban Missile
Crisis and some other issues,
and the racial mix, and all
that.
But he clearly had a goal that
was to set a man on the moon
before the end of the
'60s, and we did that.
We accomplished that.
>>MALOOF: Even
with Ronald Reagan,
and that's when I came in.
We had a goal to take
down the Soviet Union,
and we accomplished that.
>>NOORY: Without any guns.
Right?
>>MALOOF: That's correct.
That's correct.
We pulled it off, but we went
in, and everything we did
was oriented in that direction.
We could be doing the same
with this, treating this
as a national security
priority for this country,
and everything we do is
oriented in that direction
from our defense systems
to our everyday consumer
electronic dependencies and
our automated control systems.
Everything needs to be upgraded.
Technology is always
upgraded anyway,
but in doing that, you
ensure that it's hardened
and that it's
insulated properly,
and we should be
focusing on that now.
>>NOORY: Michael, do
you find that since we
started the campaign and
started to push it nationally,
even though you
were out with this
and WND was out with
this a long time ago,
are you starting to get more
exposure, more media requests?
Is that starting to grow?
>>MALOOF: As a result of
being on your program,
I'm getting more radio
requests to be on
to talk about this issue.
>>NOORY: Good.
>>MALOOF: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: And I have
asked people locally
to bombard their senators
and Congress person.
If you live in Michigan, don't
bombard the Congress people
in Minnesota.
It's not going to work, but
you concentrate on your own.
>>MALOOF: Concentrate on
your own representatives
at the federal and state levels
and certainly the governor.
The governor, they
have a national group
that gets together.
They can make recommendations
to the president,
and that's what they need to be
doing, making this a priority
on their agenda when they
come together to meet.
>>NOORY: If we get this done,
I'm buying the champagne.
>>MALOOF: Sounds good to me.
>>NOORY: All right.
Thanks, Michael.
>>MALOOF: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Michael Maloof, the
book, "A Nation Forsaken."
I'm telling you it's the biggest
single issue facing this nation
today.
If we take care of
this, we can concentrate
on all the other problems
and issues as well.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."